what's up my fellow bros
that's right that's right I am inside
videogame look at this mom someone put
me in the videogame
now let's freakin do these we're gonna
play beat scene oh look at that
huh you're not so tough now are you
we're gonna play beat saber it's a game
where you have lightsabers and hit to
the tone of the beats
I sure hope no no this is copyrighted
because I would have wasted all the
hours that I spent setting this up for
some goddamn reason I thought this was a
good idea let's freakin do this I had no
time to actually play this goddamn game
beat Sabre so this is my perspective
this is how it looks for me pretty cool
let's stop did I forget to put on my
headphones I found them found that no
problem oh okay that's better
I'm legit so excited to actually play it
commercial pumping I can do some fun
things
okay let's freakin do it look at this
guy's my saber where do you say I'm
missing it Shay what the Frank let's
freakin do look at it this is my
perspective look at it
so you're supposed to cut you've
probably seen everyone play this game
right I don't know why I'm explaining it
okay
[Music]
I don't know why whenever I play this ah
I feel so sassy doctor but I lost weight
I'm weighing them the wrong way I was
wearing them guys it's not fair I didn't
realize I usually stop yeah I do not
fail normal Ligety oh hey
I just realize I put on the perfect
shirt today
stop dammit
[Music]
ah you feel that that's right
whoa
[Music]
god damn do I look as cool as I feel
like this goddamn it I feel cool
did you say that
[Music]
okay all right you get the gist that's
the song is kind of annoying you're
still watching huh there it is
I downloaded none other will it be
because I knew everything would get
copyrighted so why not just play my own
side
nothing nothing pursue did but I must go
all out oh yeah just it just this once
[Music]
to do that okay okay okay
wait I'll do I'll do no fail on that one
just for the meme come on I don't like
your t-series
I don't like your taste a race nothing
personal kid but I must go all-out
that's right just just this once
come up
[Music]
he's beginning to blame
because it is so satisfied
[Music]
who the hell is god damn god damn oh oh
my god let's play something else how
about this Nintendo GameCube ok that
should be easy
alright let's do this what the hell was
that
wait again that's impossible
what ok
I'm not easy
what the Frick
[Music]
this is so satisfying I love it I know
I'm not saying anything I'm just so
focused I don't know what to say I wish
I was killing slicing up Mario damn I'm
terrible is it what else did we get
Oh God oh my god
[Music]
no one has ever done this
oh why am I wearing a sweater
god dammit my mic exercising is oh yeah
yeah yeah I have the greatest just need
a okay whoa
the halo thing Oh
ooh
ah
[Music]
who
oh yeah
[Music]
come on
ha
oh it's wrecked me
this is amazing this one is great
[Music]
oh yeah
oh my god that was amazing
that was actually cream worthy it's time
for the most important song of all time
[Music]
this is insane
a Monica Kelly cat July Cora I can see
Tommy honey please send me back and I'm
losing the grip
[Music]
oh hey hey morning yeah thanks
Wow
[Music]
I hope you enjoyed this video more don't
worry it's never happen again
setting this up smash like if you want
more of this and let's see your brows
[Music]
do I look insane cuz I feel insane Jesus
Christ man I guess I don't need to work
out today
[Music]
[Applause]